

<------------React Tasks -------------->
Task-5

1.	Integrate sentry into your applications 
a.	This is for error logging 
b.	https://sentry.io/welcome/

2.	Create user profile page 
a.	If user is logging in with google , display google image 

3.	Few team mates are getting the data from the data.json file ( within the project ) 
a.	Instead get it from firebase DB 

4.	If the application is containing multiple products 
a.	Make sure you have favourites 
i.	Cart data should be maintained in DB 
b.	Make sure you have feature to add to cart 
i.	Cart data should be maintained in DB 
c.	Make sure the behaviour is seamless 

5.	If the application is social media app
a.	How to integrate likes for a post 
i.	We should be able to give likes 
ii.	We should also see how many people liked my post 
b.	How to integrate sharing a post using other mobile apps 
c.	 See if we can post a video as a post 

6.	If your application has products 
a.	We should create product details page 





Task-4

1.	Need a splash screen for our mobile application 
a.	Check different types can be your splash screens 
b.	It can be a gif , or an image 
c.	Try if we can set up one for our application 
2.	Make sure you are submitting the production build not the dev build 
a.	Understand dev build 
b.	Understand production build 
c.	Submit only production builds 
3.	Spinner 
a.	Whenever a we have a API call going we should display the spinner on the screen
b.	If the API completes or throws error we should stop the spinner on the screen
c.	We can also use skeletons ( explore this option ) 

4.	Google / FB login 
a.	Make sure google login and FB login are working 
b.	We might have to use plug in here // it is not straight forward hence do it without messing with your application 

5.	Clear the fields  in login page , Sign up pages 
a.	Clear fields if the login fails /Succeeds 
i.	Check other mobile app practices 
b.	Clear fields 
i.	When you switch between Login page and Sign up page 

6.	How to debug the application / How to live reload 
a.	We should identify how to debug the application 
b.	We should also find out how to live reload the application  ( whenever you make changes it immediately updates in the mobile app ) 

7.	Need to implement infinite scrolling for your products 
a.	We need to implement infinite scrolling for your contacts / products / Books 
b.	We should be lazy loading the images 




Task-3

1.	Tasks 
a.	Create an account in JIRA 
i.	Understand 
1.	Project (Create example ) 
2.	User story ( Create an example ) 
3.	Epics  ( Create an example )
4.	Bugs ( Create an example )
5.	Tasks ( Create an example )
6.	Sprint Backlog ( Create an example )

b.	Make Http calls to below API
i.	https://crudcrud.com/ 
1.	Create Get example  
2.	Create post example  
3.	Create Put example  
4.	Create Delete example  
5.	You can convert your CRUD  

c.	How to build a react application
a.	What is the build command  
b.	What is development build  
c.	What is production build  
d.	What is DIST folder  
e.	What is the importance of DIST folder  

d.	Create and user figma 
i.	Create a web application design using figma 
a.	Create an idea / create a design for mobile application  
b.	Do it using https://www.figma.com/  
c.	Make it more user convenient  
d.	Create a simple Ionic application using react 
e.	Once the design is evaluated  
i.	Integrate the design into ionic frame work using ionic components  
ii.	https://ionicframework.com/docs/components using ionic components try to generate the design  
f.	Using ionic generate  
i.	Components  
ii.	Navigation  
iii.	Make sure alignment is proper  




Task-2

1.	Deploy the your registration form 
a.	Deploy your registration built with JavaScript  from into https://www.heroku.com/

2.	Understand below 
a.	Angular
b.	React
c.	Vue
d.	MEAN stack 
i.	Understand the combination 
e.	MERN stack
i.	Understand the combination 

3.	Create sample React JS application 

a.	Create features like below using Firebase
i.	Registration 
ii.	Email verification 
iii.	Login 
iv.	Logout 
b.	Crate features like in your application build them using Firebase
i.	Google login 
ii.	Email password login 
iii.	FB login 
iv.	Apple login 




Task-1

1.	Git
    a.	Understand what is GIT
    b.	Why we need GIT
    c.	How does the GIT work
    d.	What are alternatives to GIT
    e.	How many companies are available for us to create repositories 
    f.	What is a repository 
    g.	What is  a branch
i.	How to create a branch
ii.	How to create a pull request 
iii.	How to  merge a pull request 
iv.	How to check merge conflicts 

h.	How do we authenticate the user in GIT 
i.	Setting up the token in   your computer keychain 
ii.	Check different possible ways to authenticate the user in GIT 
i.	How do we add multiple developers to access my repository 
j.	How to provide read and write permissions ( what does it mean by )
k.	Practice different GIT commands 
i.	Git clone 
ii.	Git pull
iii.	Git push
iv.	Git merge 
v.	Git rebase 
l.	How to resolve merge conflicts 
m.	Create a accounts in companies that give provision to create free repositories 
i.	Add your friends as contributors 

n.	Create  very good sample webpage and commit the webpage code changes in to the repositories that you create ( from different providers )
o.	Deploy application using git 
 

2.	Java script 
a.	Create below  JavaScript programs 
i.	Create a registration form and it should contain below fields  // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes 
1.	Textboxes  
2.	Radio buttons 
3.	Check boxes
4.	Text area 
5.	Dropdown 
6.	Button to submit the form data 
7.	Create some basic validation around all the fields 
a.	Make sure validation is applied to all the fields 
8.	Once application is running , once the all the fields are filled by the user , if we click on submit we should be able to see the data entered by the user as a Json in the console logs 

ii.	Create Java script program to find a factorial of a number  // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
1.	User loops and conditional statements for get the results 
iii.	Create a JavaScript program explaining about call back functions // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
iv.	Create a JavaScript program using moment.js // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
1.	In the HTML we should have set of countries 
2.	Using moment JS 
a.	We should be able to print current date and time in selected country 
b.	What is the  time difference between the selected county and UTC time 
v.	Create a JavaScript program // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
1.	Include chart.js library 
2.	In the application  draw a radar graph 

vi.	Create a JavaScript program // Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
1.	Call the below Http service 
a.	We should handle success 
b.	We should also handle failure 
c.	Display date retuned by the API in a table format 
vii.	Create a JavaScript program //  Create a branch for this and commit the code changes
1.	Using this program I should be able to download a file from API 







